# CSE142-Spring2021-Assessment5-GuessingGame
Take-home Assessment 5: Guessing Game

# Program Behavior
This program allows the user to play a game in which the program thinks of a random integer and accepts guesses from the user until the user guesses the number correctly. After each incorrect guess, the program will tell the user whether the correct answer is higher or lower. As in assessment 4, this program’s behavior is dependent on input from a user (user input is underlined in samples), but this program also includes random values. The format and structure of your output should exactly match the given logs, but the specific output may vary based on randomness and/or user input. You can also use random seeds (see below) to control the randomness and test your output using the Mark button in Ed. The program should begin with an introduction in the form of a haiku. A haiku is a poem consisting of three lines in a specific structure: the first line has five syllables, the second line has seven syllables, and the third line has five syllables. The content of the haiku can be any non-offensive text you like, but should somehow relate to the game. After the introduction is printed, the game begins. In each game, the computer should choose a secret random integer between 1 and a maximum, inclusive. (The default maximum is 100.) The game should ask the user to guess a number until the chosen secret number is guessed. After each incorrect guess, the program should indicate whether the secret number is higher or lower than the guess. Once the user enters the correct number, the game ends and the program should report how many guesses were needed. This output should be grammatically correct– that is, it should print "1 guess" if the user guessed correctly on the first try, but use the word "guesses" if more than one try was required. The second game in Sample Output #1 shows what this should look like.

After each game ends and the number of guesses is shown, the program should ask the user if they would like to play again. If the user’s response starts with a lower- or upper-case Y (e.g. y, Y, yes, YES, Yup, yessir, yeehaw), a new game should begin. If the user gives any other response (e.g. no, No, okay, 0, certainly, hello), no new game should begin.

Once the user chooses not to play again, the program should print overall statistics about all games played. Specifically, the total number of games, total guesses made in all games, average number of guesses per game (rounded to the nearest tenth), and best game (i.e. fewest guesses needed to win any one game) should be displayed. Your statistics must be correct for any number of games or guesses ≥ 1. You may assume that no game will require one million or more guesses
